chore: prepare release v5.37.0 (#998)
UpCloudLtd/terraform-provider-upcloud: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [5.37.0] - 2026-05-12

### Added

> - upcloud_kubernetes_node_group: `name_prefix` field to help generating a unique name for the node group. This enables using `create_then_destroy` lifecycle strategy with the node-group resource.

Author: ```suggestion
- upcloud_kubernetes_node_group: `name_prefix` field to help generating a unique name for the node group. This enables using `create_before_destroy` lifecycle setting with the node-group resource.
```
